{\rtf1\ansi\deff0 {\fonttbl {\f0\fmodern Courier New;}}**Format string, line length: **77\f0\fs18 CMC MANAGEMENT REPORTING 1988\f0\fs18 Attachment 1\line \f0\fs18 FOR  LIBRARY SERVICES\line \line \line \line \f0\fs18  {\b \f0\fs18 COMPUTER SERVICES RESULTS AND ACTUAL RESOURCE UTILIZATION IN 1988}\line \line \line \line {\b \f0\fs18 I.\f0\fs18 Application Support}\line \line \f0\fs18 1.\f0\fs18 Planned Work: Production cycle back-up\line \line \f0\fs18 Achieved: The back-up was provided when necessary\line \f0\fs18                                   and at a good level\line \line \line \line \line \line \line \f0\fs18 Partially achieved:  Reason ...\line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \f0\fs18 Not achieved:  Reason ...\line \line \line \line \line \line \line \f0\fs18 2.\f0\fs18 Work accomplished but not foreseen in Application Planning:\line \line \line \line \line \line **Format string, line length: **89{\b \f0\fs18 II.\f0\fs18 Resource Utilization in 1988}\line \f0\fs18 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\line \f0\fs18 Central Mainframe\f0\fs18  Central Programmer\f0\fs18 4\f0\fs18  User Programmer\f0\fs18 5\f0\fs18  Ded. Equip.\line \f0\fs18       CPU Hours\f0\fs18      Man-Days\f0\fs18      Man-Days\f0\fs18       $\line \f0\fs18  \f0\fs18 1\f0\fs18 FP         Actual\f0\fs18   FP       Actual\f0\fs18 FP        Actual\f0\fs18   FP      Actual\line \line \f0\fs18 2\f0\fs18 SPP \f0\fs18 3\f0\fs18 SON   SPP   SON\line \f0\fs18 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\line **Format string, line length: **87\f0\fs18                                                                       a) 12,000   10,704                                                                         b) 21,000   55,000\line \f0\fs18 130\f0\fs18 80\f0\fs18 240\f0\fs18 107\f0\fs18 20\f0\fs18  2     2 man/yrs.    2 man/yrs.   c)  9,000    8,500   \line \f0\fs18                                                *Ded.eq.: a)leased; b)purchased; c)maint.   \line \f0\fs18 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\line **Format string, line length: **87\line \f0\fs18 1\f0\fs18  FP = Financial Plan.\line \f0\fs18 2\f0\fs18  SPP = Shared Prime Processing.\line \f0\fs18 3\f0\fs18  SON = Shared Overnight Processing.\line \f0\fs18 4\f0\fs18  Manpower in user area devoted to\line \f0\fs18      programming and analysis.\line \f0\fs18 5\f0\fs18  Total funds spent on dedicated equipment (Purchase, Lease,\line \f0\fs18   Rental, Maintenance), ie. not funded from the Computer Section Budget.\line **Format string, line length: **90\f0\fs18 CMC MANAGEMENT REPORTING 1988\f0\fs18 Attachment 2\line \f0\fs18 FOR  LIBRARY SERVICES\line \line \line {\b \f0\fs18 III.\f0\fs18 Dedicated Equipment}\line \line \f0\fs18 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\line {\b \f0\fs18                                          FP        1\f0\fs18  Actual   Actual Status\line \f0\fs18                                          1988      1988         March 1989\line \f0\fs18 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\line \line \f0\fs18      Wordprocessor Workstations          1         1                1\line \line \f0\fs18      Printers                            1         1                1\line \line \f0\fs18      VDU Terminals                       13        12               11\line \line \f0\fs18      Personal Computers                  4         6                9\line \line \f0\fs18             TOTAL:}\f0\fs18                        19        20               22\line \f0\fs18 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\line \line \line \line {\b \f0\fs18 IV.\f0\fs18 Effectiveness of New Equipment}\line \line \f0\fs18 Expectations MET:\line \line \f0\fs18 YES:  Improvement in the staff work effeciency, various routine activities are being computerized. Acquisition of a CD-ROM player and two commercial bibliographic databases has improved considerably efficiency in acquisition work and reference services.\line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \f0\fs18 PARTIALLY:  The lack of the mainframe connection for the PS/2-60 (CS88/078) and missing mouse caused difficulties in the work of Reference librarians.\line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line **Format string, line length: **90\line \line \line \f0\fs18 NO:   Reason ...\line \line \line \line \line \line \line \f0\fs18 1\f0\fs18   We would be grateful if you could check the actual column\line \f0\fs18       and correct as necessary.\line \line **Format string, line length: **77\f0\fs18 CMC MANAGEMENT REPORTING 1988\f0\fs18 Attachment 3\line \f0\fs18 FOR  LIBRARY SERVICES\line \line \line \line {\b \f0\fs18 V.\f0\fs18 General Comments on Computer Services}\line \line **Format string, line length: **77\f0\fs18 In general services provided by the Computer Section were good.\line \line \f0\fs18 It should be admitted that the Central computer possibility to access external databases and EARNET is highly appreciated.\line \line \f0\fs18 We appreciate very much the CS's decision to implement the IBM Cabling Scheme in the VIC Library which we believe will be mutually beneficial provided a high level of flexibility in connecting of computer workstations and will eliminate connection delays.\line \line \f0\fs18 The Office Automation Project, which the Library joined in February, has a great support and we expect to have further benefits of computerization.\line \line \f0\fs18 The HELP Center courses attended by Library staff were useful and efficient.\line \line \f0\fs18 The Global computer applications menu is a very good idea which improves considerably the VIC staff awareness about information resources available in the Central computer.\line \line \line \f0\fs18 Some problems:\line \line \f0\fs18 -The problems with VSAM datasets and disk head crashes, created serious problems for library services including loses of data.\line \line \f0\fs18 -The mainframe response sometimes is poor and creates inconveniences in Library services/staff work.\line \line \f0\fs18 -We experience problems with use of TSO/SCRIPT, the old\line \f0\fs18  setup does not work anymore since the 4-th quarter of 1988,\line \f0\fs18  there were no adequate instructions received on a use of new\line \f0\fs18  version of SCRIPT.\line \line \line \f0\fs18 -Delays in delivery of some components for PS/2s received \f0\fs18  caused some inconveniences in the work (mouse, manuals)\line \line **Format string, line length: **77\f0\fs18  \f0\fs18 Suggestions:\line \line \f0\fs18 We suggest that the Computer Section should consider a \f0\fs18  possibility to conduct on the regular basis USER MEETINGS (e.g. \f0\fs18  in one of Conference rooms in C07) in order to:\line \line \f0\fs18 -Inform users about general trends in computerization and \f0\fs18   \f0\fs18  \f0\fs18  steps/programs launched in the CS;\line \line \f0\fs18 -Recent news in in-house computer services with comments, \f0\fs18   explanation of problems happened (if need)\line \line \f0\fs18 -To discuss with users their needs/suggestions, give answers on \f0\fs18  their questions (it will not substitude application planning \f0\fs18  \f0\fs18  meetings).\line }