{\rtf1\ansi\deff0 {\fonttbl {\f0\fmodern Courier New;}}\f0\fs18 
**Format string, line length: **69CMC MANAGEMENT REPORTING 1988Attachment 1\line FOR  LIBRARY SERVICES\line \line \line \line  {\b {\ul COMPUTER SERVICES RESULTS AND ACTUAL RESOURCE UTILIZATION IN 1988}\line \line \line \line {\b }I.{\ul Application Support}\line \line }1.Planned Work: Production cycle back-up\line \line Achieved: The back-up was provided when necessary\line                                   and at a good level\line \line \line \line \line \line \line Partially achieved:  Reason ...\line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line Not achieved:  Reason ...\line \line \line \line \line \line \line 2.Work accomplished but not foreseen in Application Planning:\line \line \line \line \line \line **Format string, line length: **86{\b II.{\ul Resource Utilization in 1988}\line }----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\line Central Mainframe Central Programmer{\super 4} User Programmer{\super 5} Ded. Equip.\line       CPU Hours     Man-Days     Man-Days      $\line  {\super 1}FP         Actual  FP       ActualFP        Actual  FP      Actual\line \line {\super 2}SPP {\super 3}SON   SPP   SON\line ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\line **Format string, line length: **77                                                                      a) 12,000   10,704                                                                         b) 21,000   55,000\line 1308024010720 2     2 man/yrs.    2 man/yrs.   c)  9,000    8,500   \line                                                *Ded.eq.: a)leased; b)purchased; c)maint.   \line ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\line **Format string, line length: **77\line {\super 1} FP = Financial Plan.\line {\super 2} SPP = Shared Prime Processing.\line {\super 3} SON = Shared Overnight Processing.\line {\super 4} Manpower in user area devoted to\line      programming and analysis.\line {\super 5} Total funds spent on dedicated equipment (Purchase, Lease,\line   Rental, Maintenance), ie. not funded from the Computer Section Budget.\line **Format string, line length: **84CMC MANAGEMENT REPORTING 1988Attachment 2\line FOR  LIBRARY SERVICES\line \line \line {\b III.{\ul Dedicated Equipment}\line \line }--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\line {\b {\ul                                          FP        1{\super } Actual   Actual Status\line                                          1988      1988         March 1989\line --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\line \line      Wordprocessor Workstations          1         1                1\line \line      Printers                            1         1                1\line \line      VDU Terminals                       13        12               11\line \line      Personal Computers                  4         6                9\line \line             TOTAL:}                       19        20               22\line --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\line \line \line \line {\b IV.Effectiveness of New Equipment}\line \line }Expectations MET:\line \line YES:  Improvement in the staff work effeciency, various routine activities are being computerized. Acquisition of a CD-ROM player and two commercial bibliographic databases has improved considerably efficiency in acquisition work and reference services.\line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line PARTIALLY:  The lack of the mainframe connection for the PS/2-60 (CS88/078) and missing mouse caused difficulties in the work of Reference librarians.\line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line **Format string, line length: **84\line \line \line NO:   Reason ...\line \line \line \line \line \line \line {\super 1}  We would be grateful if you could check the actual column\line       and correct as necessary.\line \line **Format string, line length: **73CMC MANAGEMENT REPORTING 1988Attachment 3\line FOR  LIBRARY SERVICES\line \line \line \line {\b V.{\ul General Comments on Computer Services}\line \line **Format string, line length: **69}In general services provided by the Computer Section were good.\line \line It should be admitted that the Central computer possibility to access external databases and EARNET is highly appreciated.\line \line We appreciate very much the CS's decision to implement the IBM Cabling Scheme in the VIC Library which we believe will be mutually beneficial provided a high level of flexibility in connecting of computer workstations and will eliminate connection delays.\line \line The Office Automation Project, which the Library joined in February, has a great support and we expect to have further benefits of computerization.\line \line The HELP Center courses attended by Library staff were useful and efficient.\line \line The Global computer applications menu is a very good idea which improves considerably the VIC staff awareness about information resources available in the Central computer.\line \line \line Some problems:\line \line -The problems with VSAM datasets and disk head crashes, created serious problems for library services including loses of data.\line \line -The mainframe response sometimes is poor and creates inconveniences in Library services/staff work.\line \line -We experience problems with use of TSO/SCRIPT, the old\line  setup does not work anymore since the 4-th quarter of 1988,\line  there were no adequate instructions received on a use of new\line  version of SCRIPT.\line \line \line -Delays in delivery of some components for PS/2s received  caused some inconveniences in the work (mouse, manuals)\line \line **Format string, line length: **69 Suggestions:\line \line We suggest that the Computer Section should consider a  possibility to conduct on the regular basis USER MEETINGS (e.g.  in one of Conference rooms in C07) in order to:\line \line -Inform users about general trends in computerization and     steps/programs launched in the CS;\line \line -Recent news in in-house computer services with comments,   explanation of problems happened (if need)\line \line -To discuss with users their needs/suggestions, give answers on  their questions (it will not substitude application planning   meetings).\line }