{\rtf1\ansi\deff0 {\fonttbl {\f0\fmodern Courier New;}}\f0\fs24 CMC MANAGEMENT REPORTING 1989\f0\fs24 Attachment 1\f0\fs24 FOR  NUCLEAR SAFETY{\b \f0\fs24 COMPUTER SERVICES RESULTS AND ACTUAL RESOURCE UTILIZATION IN 1989}{\b \f0\fs24 I.\f0\fs24 Application Support}\f0\fs24 1.\f0\fs24 Planned Work:\f0\fs24 Achieved:\f0\fs24 Partially achieved:  Reason ...\f0\fs24 Not achieved:  Reason ...\f0\fs24 2.\f0\fs24 Work accomplished but not foreseen in Application Planning:{\b \f0\fs24 II.\f0\fs24 Resource Utilization in 1989}\f0\fs24 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\f0\fs24 Central Mainframe\f0\fs24  Central Programmer\f0\fs24 4\f0\fs24  User Programmer\f0\fs24 5\f0\fs24  Ded. Equip.\f0\fs24       CPU Hours\f0\fs24      Man-Days \f0\fs24      Man-Days\f0\fs24       $      \f0\fs24  \f0\fs24 1\f0\fs24 FP         Actual\f0\fs24   FP       Actual\f0\fs24 FP        Actual\f0\fs24   FP      Actual\f0\fs24 2\f0\fs24 SPP \f0\fs24 3\f0\fs24 SON   SPP   SON \f0\fs24 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\f0\fs24 23\f0\fs24 33\f0\fs24 59\f0\fs24 217\f0\fs24 193\f0\fs24  262\f0\fs24 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\f0\fs24 1\f0\fs24  FP = Financial Plan.\f0\fs24 2\f0\fs24  SPP = Shared Prime Processing.\f0\fs24 3\f0\fs24  SON = Shared Overnight Processing.\f0\fs24 4\f0\fs24  Manpower in user area devoted to\f0\fs24      programming and analysis.\f0\fs24 5\f0\fs24  Total funds spent on dedicated equipment (Purchase, Lease,\f0\fs24   Rental, Maintenance), ie. not funded from the Computer Section Budget.\f0\fs24 CMC MANAGEMENT REPORTING 1989\f0\fs24 Attachment 2\f0\fs24 FOR  NUCLEAR SAFETY{\b \f0\fs24 III.\f0\fs24 Dedicated Equipment}\f0\fs24 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\f0\fs24 FP \f0\fs24 1\f0\fs24  Actual\f0\fs24 Actual Status\f0\fs24 1989\f0\fs24 1989\f0\fs24      1989\f0\fs24 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\f0\fs24 Wordprocessor Workstations\f0\fs24 18\f0\fs24 19\f0\fs24 Printers\f0\fs24 5\f0\fs24 5\f0\fs24 VDU Terminals\f0\fs24 4\f0\fs24 3\f0\fs24 Personal Computers\f0\fs24 20\f0\fs24 33\f0\fs24 Other DP Equipment\f0\fs24 -\f0\fs24 -{\b \f0\fs24 TOTAL:}\f0\fs24 47\f0\fs24 60\f0\fs24 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------{\b \f0\fs24 IV.\f0\fs24 Effectiveness of New Equipment}\f0\fs24 Expectations MET:\f0\fs24 YES:  Improvement in ...\f0\fs24 PARTIALLY:  Reason ...\f0\fs24 NO:   Reason ...\f0\fs24 1\f0\fs24   We would be grateful if you could check the actual column\f0\fs24       and correct as necessary.\f0\fs24 CMC MANAGEMENT REPORTING 1989\f0\fs24 Attachment 3\f0\fs24 FOR  NUCLEAR SAFETY{\b \f0\fs24 V.\f0\fs24 Comments on Computer Services}\f0\fs24     \f0\fs24 Quality of Service\f0\fs24 1.\f0\fs24 Central Facilities:\f0\fs24 Met requirements\f0\fs24 Inadequate\f0\fs24 Mainframe Processing\f0\fs24 /\f0\fs24       \f0\fs24 /\f0\fs24 /\f0\fs24       \f0\fs24 /\f0\fs24 Operations Support\f0\fs24 /\f0\fs24       \f0\fs24 /\f0\fs24 /\f0\fs24       \f0\fs24 /\f0\fs24 Central Printing\f0\fs24 /\f0\fs24       \f0\fs24 /\f0\fs24 /\f0\fs24       \f0\fs24 /\f0\fs24 Comments or Suggestions for improvements\f0\fs24 :\f0\fs24 2.\f0\fs24 End-User Support\f0\fs24 :\f0\fs24 Met requirements\f0\fs24 Inadequate\f0\fs24 Applications Support\f0\fs24 /\f0\fs24       \f0\fs24 /\f0\fs24 /\f0\fs24       \f0\fs24 /\f0\fs24 Help-Centre Support\f0\fs24 /\f0\fs24       \f0\fs24 /\f0\fs24 /\f0\fs24       \f0\fs24 /\f0\fs24 Training\f0\fs24 /\f0\fs24       \f0\fs24 /\f0\fs24 /\f0\fs24       \f0\fs24 /\f0\fs24 Installations Support\f0\fs24 /\f0\fs24       \f0\fs24 /\f0\fs24 /\f0\fs24       \f0\fs24 /\f0\fs24 Acquisitions Support\f0\fs24 /\f0\fs24       \f0\fs24 /\f0\fs24 /\f0\fs24       \f0\fs24 /\f0\fs24 Comments or Suggestions for improvements\f0\fs24 :\f0\fs24 3.\f0\fs24 General Comments\f0\fs24 :}