{\rtf1\ansi\deff0 {\fonttbl {\f0\fmodern Courier New;}}**Format string, line length: **77\line \f0\fs18 CMC MANAGEMENT REPORTING 1988\f0\fs18 Attachment 1\line \f0\fs18 FOR  LIBRARY SERVICES\line \line \line \line \f0\fs18            {\b \f0\fs18 COMPUTER SERVICES RESULTS AND ACTUAL RESOURCE UTILIZATION IN 1988}\line \line \line {\b \f0\fs18 I.\f0\fs18 Application Support}\line \line \f0\fs18 1.\f0\fs18 Planned Work: Production cycle back-up\line \line \f0\fs18 Achieved: The back-up was provided when necessary\line \f0\fs18                                   and at a good level\line \line \line \line \f0\fs18 Partially achieved:  Reason ...\line \line \line \line \f0\fs18 Not achieved:  Reason ...\line \line \line \line \f0\fs18 2.\f0\fs18 Work accomplished but not foreseen in Application Planning:\line \line \line \line **Format string, line length: **89{\b \f0\fs18 II.\f0\fs18 Resource Utilization in 1988}\line \f0\fs18 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\line \f0\fs18 Central Mainframe\f0\fs18  Central Programmer\f0\fs18 4\f0\fs18  User Programmer\f0\fs18 5\f0\fs18  Ded. Equip.\line \f0\fs18       CPU Hours\f0\fs18      Man-Days\f0\fs18      Man-Days\f0\fs18       $\line \f0\fs18  \f0\fs18 1\f0\fs18 FP         Actual\f0\fs18   FP       Actual\f0\fs18 FP        Actual\f0\fs18   FP      Actual\line \line \f0\fs18 2\f0\fs18 SPP \f0\fs18 3\f0\fs18 SON   SPP   SON\line \f0\fs18 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\line **Format string, line length: **89\f0\fs18  130     80     240   107     20       2       2 man/yrs.  2man/yrs. a) 12,000   10,704\line \f0\fs18                                                                      b) 21,000   55,000\line \f0\fs18                               c)  9,000    8,500\line \line \f0\fs18                                                *Ded.eq.: a)leased; b)purchased; c)maint. \line \f0\fs18 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\line \line \f0\fs18 1\f0\fs18  FP = Financial Plan.\line \f0\fs18 2\f0\fs18  SPP = Shared Prime Processing.\line \f0\fs18 3\f0\fs18  SON = Shared Overnight Processing.\line \f0\fs18 4\f0\fs18  Manpower in user area devoted to\line \f0\fs18      programming and analysis.\line \f0\fs18 5\f0\fs18  Total funds spent on dedicated equipment (Purchase, Lease,\line \f0\fs18   Rental, Maintenance), ie. not funded from the Computer Section Budget.\line **Format string, line length: **90\line \line \line **Format string, line length: **90\line \f0\fs18 CMC MANAGEMENT REPORTING 1988\f0\fs18 Attachment 2\line \f0\fs18 FOR  LIBRARY SERVICES\line \line \line {\b \f0\fs18 III.\f0\fs18 Dedicated Equipment}\line \line \f0\fs18 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\line {\b \f0\fs18                                          FP        1\f0\fs18  Actual   Actual Status\line \f0\fs18                                          1988      1988         March 1989\line \f0\fs18 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\line \line \f0\fs18      Wordprocessor Workstations          1         1                1\line \line \f0\fs18      Printers                            1         1                1\line \line \f0\fs18      VDU Terminals                      13        12               11\line \line \f0\fs18      Personal Computers                  4         6                9\line \line \f0\fs18             TOTAL:}\f0\fs18                      19          20             22\line \f0\fs18 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\line \line \line \line {\b \f0\fs18 IV.\f0\fs18 Effectiveness of New Equipment}\line \line \f0\fs18 Expectations MET:\line \line \f0\fs18 YES:  Improvement in the staff work effeciency, various routine activities are being computerized. Acquisition of a CD-ROM player and two commercial bibliographic databases has improved considerably efficiency in acquisition work and reference services.\line \line \line \f0\fs18 PARTIALLY:  Unfortunately, the lack of the mainframe connection for the PS/2-60 the PC (CS99/078) and the missing mouse caused difficulties in the work of the Reference librarians, forcing them to use workstations in other Library offices.\line \line \line \f0\fs18 NO:   Reason ...\line \line \line \f0\fs18 1\f0\fs18   We would be grateful if you could check the actual column\line \f0\fs18       and correct as necessary.\line **Format string, line length: **90\line **Format string, line length: **77\f0\fs18 CMC MANAGEMENT REPORTING 1988\f0\fs18 Attachment 3\line \f0\fs18 FOR  LIBRARY SERVICES\line \line \line \line {\b \f0\fs18 V.\f0\fs18 General Comments on Computer Services}\line \line **Format string, line length: **77\f0\fs18 In general services provided by the Computer Section were good.\line \line \f0\fs18 The facility to access external databases and EARNET through the central computer is highly appreciated.\line \line \f0\fs18 We appreciate very much the CS's decision to implement the IBM Cabling Scheme in the VIC Library.  We believe it will be mutually beneficial by providing a high level of flexibility in connecting computer workstations and by eliminating connection delays.\line \line \f0\fs18 The Library is very enthusiastic about the Office Automation Project, which the Library joined in February. We feel that the CS is providing great support.  We look forward to its benefits of computerization.\line \line \f0\fs18 The HELP Center courses attended by Library staff were useful and well taught.\line \line \f0\fs18 The Global Computer Applications menu is a very good idea, improving considerably VIC staff awareness of information resources available through the Central Computer.\line \line \f0\fs18 ADS1/ISIS software developed by CS/UNIDO has opened new horizons for wide distribution of VIC Library information through the VIC in a user friendly way.  ADS1/ISIS is a powerful system, but its users need system documentation badly.\line \line \f0\fs18 Some problems:\line \line \f0\fs18 -The problems with VSAM datasets and disk head crashes created serious problems for library services including loses of data.\line \line \f0\fs18 -The mainframe response time sometimes is poor and creates inconveniences in Library services/staff work.\line \line \f0\fs18 -We experience problems with use of TSO/SCRIPT.  The old\line \f0\fs18  setup has not worked since the 4-th quarter of 1988.\line \f0\fs18  No adequate instructions were received on the use of the\line \f0\fs18  new version of SCRIPT.\line \line \f0\fs18 -Delays in delivery of some components for the Library's PS/2s (mouse,\line \f0\fs18 manuals) caused some inconveniences.\line \line \line **Format string, line length: **77\line \f0\fs18 Suggestions:\line \line \f0\fs18 We suggest that the Computer Section consider conducting USER MEETINGS (e.g. in one of Conference rooms in C07) on a regular basis in order:\line \line \f0\fs18 -To inform users about general trends in computerization and\line \f0\fs18  steps/programs launched in the CS;\line \line \f0\fs18 -To provide recent news of in-house computer services with comments,\line \f0\fs18  explanation of problems encountered (if needed);\line \line \f0\fs18 -To discuss with users their needs/suggestions; to answer their\line \f0\fs18  questions. (It is not intended as a substitute for application planning\line \f0\fs18  meetings).\line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \f0\fs18 VBabichev/HGabbert/eh-2619(9900G)}